Detailed info on possible status on DQI tab (#524)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/what-is/understand-data-quality.md

# How is consistency calculated?

The **consistency grade** is calculated on several criteria. The mix of the following criteria helps the PIM determine the grade for consistency:

> - Spell check: localisable text and text areas are checked for spelling mistakes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spell check: localizable text and text areas are checked for spelling mistakes.
```

![Image product edit form](../img/data-quality-pef.png)

## In your data quality insights panel (product edit form)

> Clicking on `data quality insights` in the product edit form leads you to a dedicated panel so that you understand your grades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on `data quality insights` in the product edit form takes you to a dedicated panel where you'll find what you need to understand your grades.
```

![Image data quality panel](../img/data-quality-panel.png)

> Recommendations can have several types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several types of recommendations:
```

> - "Everything is good": means all the checked attributes are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Everything is good": all the checked attributes are correct.
```

> - Attribute label: attribute labels are clickable so you can improve them easily.

Reviewer: Il ne manque pas des guillemets ici ?

> - Attribute label: attribute labels are clickable so you can improve them easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Attribute label": attribute labels are clickable so you can improve them easily.
```

> - "N/A": if the recommendation is "N/A" (Not Applicable) it means that the criteria is not relevant for the given product. For example, "N/A" will be displayed for spell-check if you don't have localisable text or text area attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "N/A": if the recommendation is "N/A" (Not Applicable) it means that the criteria is not relevant for the given product. For example, "N/A" will be displayed for spell-check if you don't have any localizable text or text area attributes.
```
